# Morningtrain\WP\Breadcrumbs

Autogenerated breadcrumbs for WordPress.

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Introduction

This package is made to make it simple to add breadcrumbs to WordPress.

## Getting started

To get started install the package as described below in [Installation](#installation).

To use the package have a look at [Usage](#usage)

### Installation

Install with composer.

```composer require morningtrain/wp-breadcrumbs```

## Usage

To get started with the module simply compose and render the breadcrumbs.

```php
\Morningtrain\WP\Breadcrumbs\Breadcrumbs::compose()->render();
```

### Change Seperator

You can change the seperator by calling `seperator` on the BreadcrumbGenerator.

```php
\Morningtrain\WP\Breadcrumbs\Breadcrumbs::compose()->separator(' >> ')->render();
```

### Hide on Front Page
You can easily hide the breadcrumbs on the frontpage by calling `hideOnFrontPage` on the BreadcrumbGenerator.

```php
\Morningtrain\WP\Breadcrumbs\Breadcrumbs::compose()->hideOnFrontPage()->render();
```

### Remove Prefixed Front Page
You can remove the prefixed front page breadcrumb on all pages by calling `hidePrefixedFrontPagePart` on the BreadcrumbGenerator.

```php
\Morningtrain\WP\Breadcrumbs\Breadcrumbs::compose()->hidePrefixedFrontPagePart()->render();
```

### Exclude terms
You can easily hide the terms from the breadcrumbs by using `excludeTaxonomies` on the BreadcrumbGenerator.

```php
\Morningtrain\WP\Breadcrumbs\Breadcrumbs::compose()->excludeTaxonomies(['category'])->render();
```

### Exclude post type archive
You can easily hide the post type archive from the breadcrumbs by using `excludePostTypeArchives` on the BreadcrumbGenerator.

```php
\Morningtrain\WP\Breadcrumbs\Breadcrumbs::compose()->excludePostTypeArchives(['post'])->render();
```

### Alternative to Render
If you will create your own markup, you can get all breadcrumb parts by calling `getBreadcrumbs` on the BreadcrumbGenerator.

```php
\Morningtrain\WP\Breadcrumbs\Breadcrumbs::compose()->getBreadcrumbs();
```

## Credits

- [Martin Schadegg Brønniche](https://github.com/mschadegg)
- [All Contributors](../../contributors)

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE) for more information.
